Updated readme to address potential issue with MacOs (#341)
dom96/choosenim: readme.md

              script to install by specifying the ``CHOOSENIM_CHOOSE_VERSION``
              environment variable.

> **MacOs Note** If `choosenim` has been installed successfully, and you're still not able to use Nim or any of the tooling (ex: `nim --v`) follow these steps in your terminal:
> - modify or create the `~/.zshrc` file with this line: `nano ~/.zshrc`
> - add the following line to setup the PATH correctly: `export PATH="$HOME/.nimble/bin:$PATH"`
> - make sure the current terminal session picks up the changes with this line: `source ~/.zshrc`
> - now validate everything works properly with: `nim --v`
> 
> By creating a `.zshrc` file and adding the path to `~/.nimble/bin`, you're ensuring that zsh (terminal) knows where to look for your Nim executables and other tooling every time it starts up.
> 

Reviewer: Good idea, but maybe it should be a note for all unix-like systems. It's already 80% there - zsh is default shell on mac, but linux distros most commonly use bash. Everything else in your note applies to both systems.

```suggestion
**PATH setup** If `choosenim` has been installed successfully, and you're still not able to use Nim or any of the tooling (ex: `nim --v`) follow these steps in your terminal:
- MacOs: modify or create the `~/.zshenv` file with your preferred editor, e.g. `nano ~/.zshenv`
- Linux: modify or create file `~/.bash_profile`, e.g. `nano ~/.bash_profile`
- add the following line to setup the PATH correctly: `export PATH="$HOME/.nimble/bin:$PATH"`
- make sure the current terminal session picks up the changes with this line: `source ~/.zshenv` or `source ~/.bash_profile`
- now validate everything works properly with: `nim --v`

By creating a `.zshenv` or `.bash_profile` file and adding the path to `~/.nimble/bin`, you're ensuring that your shell (terminal) knows where to look for your Nim executables and other tooling every time it starts up.
```
The proper place for environment variables is `~/.zshenv` for zsh and `~/.bash_profile` for bash.
These configs are executed on a system startup instead of `.zshrc` which is run when you open a terminal - so GUI apps like VScode could find nim executable.

Here's a good reference on a PATH env variable for MacOS: https://gist.github.com/Linerre/f11ad4a6a934dcf01ee8415c9457e7b2
